[Music]
i'm here to join a boy band because
that tor prez of supporting little mix
that's millions of people watching
that's
huge stages huge audiences and that's
that's what i'm here for i'm here to
entertain
the biggest audience that i can get i
want to show them what i can do
i live with my mom and my older brother
is two years older than me
my house is very loud my mom when she
starts singing she don't stop
and if my brother's in the mood he will
also do the same and he'll just get on
my nerves because i know i'm the
talented one
uh what should we have a look at oh here
our friend stonesie
yeah when did you meet stormzy
um that was beginning of year eight
um me and my friends are like oh let's
go chicken shop um next thing you know i
just hear
roy had a morning from south in a while
you know and the voice
that i clocked the voice i was like oh
my gosh i look like my boy joshua
and then i told him i do music he has to
listen to one of my songs i showed him
one of my songs
oh so nice he was like all right here
i'm very interested to see what you've
got
thank you you ready i am i am
thank you
[Music]
[Applause]
this is
[Music]
[Applause]
we were really rooting for you
before like the the platform rises onto
i'll always do this
[Applause]
get up and do it and i love that you
didn't hold back and you came here and
said it was like this is why i'm gonna
get through the next round like i
absolutely love that about you
i just love how much of a natural-born
performer you are
when we're on the fence about somewhere
we're all just very poised
when we like someone we're like we
always start like really getting into it
and that's how you made us
feel but do you know what when i want to
go see someone in concert that's how i
want to feel
i loved it thank you thank you so i'm
going to kick it off and say yes
i can really envision in my head what
kind of group i can see him and with the
boys we're seeing today
are we kidding he's pretty good
i'm gonna say yeah thank you
obviously you need three guesses to get
through to the band room
[Applause]
she's trying to build up suspense when
you know what's going on
thank you thank you you don't even need
my yes but you got four yeses
thanks so much guys there's lovely to
meet you as well you guys can i say you
guys are very beautiful in person
you're already through you don't have to
yes all right genuinely
oh that is so sweet thank you thank you
thank you
[Applause]
[Music]
you